1 ContributorOG freestyle Lyrics[Intro]
Ayy, ayy, shout out Yumi and isaacwhy (Ayy, yeah)
(Evil)
Okay (Huh?), let's get it (Yeah)
Yeah (Slatt, slatt, slatt!)

[Chorus]
You know I was hungry, so I called Taco Bell (Yeah! Brrr, brrr)
They say Ace OG a snitch, I could never tell (Nah! Shhh, shhh, shhh, shhh)
I just landed with my demons (Yeah), know we live that hell (Woo! I'm with my demons)
Fuck around with the gang, you get hit with shells (Brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr, baow, baow, baow, yeah, yeah)
Man, these pussies smell like fish, bitch, they fuckin' smell (Ew! Huh? What?)
We be climbin' to the top, bitch, you went and fell (Haaa! Bitch, you went and fell)
Bitch, I do this on my own, I don't need your help (Nah, nah, nah, bitch!)
If you want me to murder this beat right now (Ayy, ayy!), then I will (Yeah! Slatt, slatt, slatt!)

[Verse]
Ad-libs on Waka Flocka, baow, baow, baow, baow (Baow)
Ridin' 'round with all these choppas, brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr, grrraaaah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Hit him on the dome hard like a Yeat bell (Huh?)
Bitch, my money from Bikini Bottom (Ayy), got that kelp (Woo)
I–, I been trapped up in the crib with one, two, three, four bitches (One, two, three, four bitches, yeah)
Said you with the gang, pussy, you ain't shot shit (You ain't shot shit, what?)
Copped the brand new Patek (What?), diamonds dancin' on my wrist (Ice, ice, ice)
I need Aspirin 'cause my flow is super sick (Huh? It's super sick)
This bitch ludicrous (Yeah), she done went and lubed the dick (Huh?)
These opps, they need to get they ears checked, they gotta listen (Listen up!)
Got you swimmin' in the ocean, bitch, we goin' fishin' (Bitch!)
You a broke ass bitch, so you be out here servin' chickens (Huh?)
We eatin' like Thanksgivin', I got on me all these biscuits (Ayy, ayy)
(Evil)
I'm–, I'm on that alien shit (Huh?), game over, man, even for Ripley (Even for Ripley!)
I just bought a brand new Rick Ross purple Lamborghini (Skrrt, skrrt)
Tr–, tryna make a wish like Timmy, bitch, I need a genie (I need a genie)
Po–, posted on the block, I be out here with my demons (Baow)
Poppin' all these perkies, bitch, they really got me feenin' (They got me feenin')
(Eazi-Klu, the coolest DJ in the world)
Allow me to continue, hold up, let me finish (Let me finish)
Killer Croc came to kidnap you to cut out your kidney (Woo)
We gon' put you on the breaking news, Eyewitness (Damn)
Had to get another phone 'cause I'm 'bout my business (Brrr, brrr)
You right here talkin' 'bout you made a million, that is cap (That is cap)
I'm standin' on my money like Lil Uzi, that's a rack (That's a rack)
You on Discord roastin' losers, you is not no Pack (God)
You better get the fuck right out my face or you'll get wacked (Yeah, yeah)
Countin' all this cash, I ran it up too fast (Ayy, gang)
Got your bitch on "WAP" (Gang, gang), and she gaggin' on my sack (Gang, bitch, baow)
Had to get a strap 'cause they put my name on wax (Baow, brrr, brrr, brrr, huh?)
Save that shit for the birds, I heard they like rats (I heard they like rats)
You might also like[Chorus]
You know I was hungry, so I called Taco Bell (Yeah! Brrr, brrr)
They say Ace OG a snitch, I could never tell (Nah! Shhh, shhh, shhh, shhh)
I just landed with my demons (Yeah), know we live that hell (Woo! I'm with my demons)
Fuck around with the gang, you get hit with shells (Brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr, brrr, baow, baow, baow, yeah, yeah)
Man, these pussies smell like fish, bitch, they fuckin' smell (Ew! Huh? What?)
We be climbin' to the top, bitch, you went and fell (Haaa! Bitch, you went and fell)
Bitch, I do this on my own, I don't need your help (Nah, nah, nah, bitch!)
If you want me to murder this beat right now (Ayy, ayy!), then I will (Yeah! Slatt, slatt, slatt!)

[Outro]
(Eazi-Klu, the coolest DJ on the motherfuckin' planet)
(Bitch, ayy, let's go, let's go, let's go)
(Woo, woo!)
UFO MůSIK, OG: Original Gerold up next
Whenever the fuck that album comin' out, I don't fuckin' know
Rap God Season, ayy, lil' bitchEmbed